fix(api-reference): initial dark mode state bug and add configuration for darkmode (#2600)
scalar/scalar: documentation/configuration.md

}
```

#### darkMode?: boolean

> Whether dark mode is on or off initially (light mode)

Reviewer: What does the `(light mode)` mean? This confuses me. Maybe something like that:

> Initially set dark mode (`true`) or light mode (`false`).

> Whether dark mode is on or off initially (light mode)

Reviewer: What does the `(light mode)` mean? This confuses me. Maybe something like that:

```suggestion
Initially set dark mode (`true`) or light mode (`false`).
```

```js
{
  darkMode: true
}
```

#### forceDarkModeState?: 'dark' | 'light'

> forceDarkModeState makes it always this state no matter what

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`forceDarkModeState` makes it always `'dark'` or `'light'` mode, no matter what.
```

```js
{
  forceDarkModeState: 'dark'
}
```

#### hideDarkModeToggle?: boolean

> Whether to show the dark mode toggle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a toggle to switch between light and dark mode is shown. Passing `true` hides this toggle.
```
